# Code for Paper: Regression Analysis After Bipartite Bayesian Record Linkage

This repository has the code of paper:

Hu, Xueyan, and Jerome P. Reiter. "Regression Analysis After Bipartite Bayesian Record Linkage." *arXiv preprint arXiv:2511.12343* (2025). ([arXiv link](https://arxiv.org/abs/2511.12343)).

## Repository Structure

-   `helper_fns`: Functions used across the projects.

-   `Simulation Datafiles`: Simulation datafile from [Sadinle (2017)](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/01621459.2016.1148612), can be found in the tab *Supplementary Materials*. For the sake of copy right, we placed an empty folder here.

-   `Section5-*`: Code for each subsection in section 5 of the paper. Each folder has two files `Simulation_LargeScale.R`, `Res_Analysis.R`, and a folder `Simu_Result`. File `Simulation_LargeScale.R` performs simulations and save results in the folder `Simu_Result`. And file `Res_Analysis.R` analyze simulation results in the folder. Results in the folder can be generated by the `Simulation_LargeScale.R`, thus is left empty.

-   `Section6_Genuine_Data_Application`: Code for section 6 of the paper.

    -   `Preprocess.R`: Preprocess SHIW data, and generates data for the model `preprocessed_data_withName.RData`.

    -   `RealData_RL10000Linking_noName.R` and `RealData_RL10000Linking_withName.R` fit models without/with names as linking variables. Results are saved in file `res_RealData_noName.RData` and `res_RealData_withName.RData`, respectively.

    -   `Res_Analysis.R` analyzes the results.

    -   Other files (pdfs and folders): data from [The Survey on Household Income and Wealth (SHIW)](https://www.bancaditalia.it/statistiche/tematiche/indagini-famiglie-imprese/bilanci-famiglie/index.html?com.dotmarketing.htmlpage.language=1&dotcache=refresh).

## Friendly Reminders

-   Check the file paths and length of MCMC carefully before running the code.

-   The simulations in section 5 is implemented in parallel with R function `mclapply`, but is commented. If large-scale simulation is expected, it is better to change `lapply` to `mclapply`.

-   The C++ and C codes may be re-compiled before using. It heavily depends on your operating system.

## References

1.   Sadinle, Mauricio. "Bayesian estimation of bipartite matchings for record linkage." *Journal of the American Statistical Association* 112.518 (2017): 600-612.
2.   Hu, Xueyan, and Jerome P. Reiter. "Regression Analysis After Bipartite Bayesian Record Linkage." *arXiv preprint arXiv:2511.12343* (2025).
